Css selectors (#2645)
Codecademy/docs: content/css/concepts/selectors/selectors.md

**Selectors** are used to style [HTML elements](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements) according to their type and/or attributes.

> All markups can be selected with the `*` selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All markups can be selected with the `*` selector:
```
We typically introduce example codeblocks with a colon.

Author: Thanks

### Example

> In the following example all `<p>` elements on the page will be center-aligned with a red text color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example all `<p>` elements on the page will be center-aligned with a red text color:
```
We typically introduce example codeblocks with a colon.

> In the following example all `<p>` elements on the page will be center-aligned with a red text color.

Reviewer 2: [Proofreading]
```suggestion
In the following example, all of the `<p>` elements on the page will be centered with a red text color.
```

## Selecting by Attribute

> The `class` and `id` attributes are generally assigned for styling different elements on the same page and linking to sections or other pages of the site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `class` and `id` attributes are generally assigned for styling different elements. An `id` cannot start with a number.
```
`class` is not used for linking. And the linking use case is outside the use as selectors. Also deleted a relevant sentence.

> The `class` and `id` attributes are generally assigned for styling different elements on the same page and linking to sections or other pages of the site.

Reviewer 2: [Proofreading] 
Hi @Kadif-Ravik! :) Consider using this suggestion as an idea to apply SSwiniarski's suggestions. 
```suggestion
The `class` selector selects elements that are assigned under a specific attribute, a class, given to an HTML element, can be used multiple times, and begins with a period, `.`. Similarly, the `id` selector selects an HTML element that has an `id` attribute. In contrast, the `id` selector is **only** used once and begins with the hashtag symbol, `#`.  
```
